# Create individual box constraints for MVO portfolios based on liquidity, concentration and turnover constraints

Create individual box constraints for MVO portfolios based on liquidity,
concentration and turnover constraints

## Usage

``` r
generate_box_constraints(
  universe_m_d_ref,
  liquidity_constraint_policy = NULL,
  turnover_constraint_policy = NULL,
  concentration_constraint_policy,
  verbose = TRUE
)
```

## Arguments

- universe_m_d_ref:

  A dataframe of assets with tickers, is_eligible, final_signal columns
  and also those generated by application of constraints policies in
  classify_investment_universe

- liquidity_constraint_policy:

  Optional. A named list containing objects used to apply liquidity
  constraints. Possible elements of the list are:

  - `liquidity_floor_rule`: A character indicating the liquidity
    classification (e.g., micro_caps, small_caps) used to filter stocks.
    Stocks with less liquidity than specified in `liquidity_floor_rule`
    will be considered ineligible. In the case of the
    `generate_box_constraints` function, `liquidity_constraint_policy`
    can also contain:

  - `liquidity_cap_rule` lists: One or many lists used to create upper
    bounds for weights based on a liquidity classification. Each list
    must contain:

    - `liquidity_classification`: A character indicating the
      classification for the cap.

    - `liquidity_cap`: A numeric value indicating the cap (upper bound)
      for stocks with that liquidity classification. Many liquidity caps
      might be created, and in this case, each `liquidity_cap_rule` must
      be identified with a number (e.g., liquidity_cap_rule_1,
      liquidity_cap_rule_2, and so on).

- turnover_constraint_policy:

  A named list containing objects used to build buffer zones and apply
  turnover constraints.

  - Each element will constitute a `buffer_zone`, being a list with
    three elements:

    - `liquidity_classification` element: A liquidity classification
      (e.g., "micro_caps", "small_caps") for that buffer zone.

    - `top_stock_quantile_buffer`: A numeric value indicating a buffer
      value that relaxes `top_stocks_quantile` for stocks with the
      specified liquidity classification.

    - `turnover_cap`: A numeric value specifying the turnover cap.
      Stocks that are less liquid than specified for a buffer zone and
      have a signal higher than the respective buffer quantile will be
      considered eligible, even if they do not meet the
      `liquidity_floor_rule`.

- concentration_constraint_policy:

  A named list containing up to four elements:

  - `benchmark`: A character vector describing the benchmark to be used
    to apply constraint. Must have a correspondence in
    `benchmark_weights_m_d_ref`

  - `max_abs_active_individual_weight`: The maximum absolute individual
    active weights.

  - `max_abs_active_sector_weight`: The maximum absolute sector active
    weight used for creating group constraints in
    `generate_sector_constraints`. If a given sector has no eligible
    stock, the one with the greatest signal will be automatically
    promoted.

- verbose:

  Logical. If TRUE, the function will print messages indicating the
  progress of the process. Note that, in the context of
  `generate_sector_constraints`, a `benchmark_weights_m_d_ref` data
  frame must also be supplied.
